---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---
This first week of the class has mostly been introduction and setup, so there hasn’t been any big, meaty concepts introduced yet. Usually, I find the first few days of classes quite boring, but Dr. Downing was able to make those first few days interesting and interactive. We mainly went over a lot of basic things we have seen before, such as asserts, testing, and increments. However, Dr. Downing was able to discuss these topics in a much deeper context than I have ever thought about them before. For someone like me, who has never worked with C++ before, the in-depth explanation of something so simple as a like a cout statement is greatly appreciated. 

I really appreciate the fact that Dr. Downing teaches with the intention of helping his students garner the skills necessary for industry in the real world. His system of calling out students randomly to answer questions is quite intimidating for someone who is relatively quiet in the classroom like me, but I think it can only make me better at dealing with those on-the-spot situations. Getting the students to discover on their own what the code means is a far more effective way of learning than just telling them what something does. The code block examples he has given in class haven’t been too challenging to understand so far, but I’m sure there will be a moment when he calls on me and I’ll have no idea what the code is doing.

Overall, I have enjoyed the first few classes of CS371P so far, and that’s because Dr. Downing is very articulate and does a good job of engaging as well as explaining the material. I’m definitely looking forward to the next few weeks.

My tip of the week is to use gulp.js when developing UI projects. It automatically transpiles any changes that you have made so the programmer doesn’t manually have to build the whole project every single time a change is made. This is especially useful when using a technology like SCSS which needs to be preprocessed to CSS before it can be used in the browser.
