---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---
Jeez, we're already 1/4th of the way through the course - time goes by way too quickly.

I really appreciate that Dr. Downing goes really in-depth into these design concepts. I feel like after this week, I understand everything about pass by copy, reference, and pointers that there is to know, right down to how they are represented in memory. If I were trying to learn C++ by myself, this level of detail and depth is something that I would probably glaze over. The readings have been pretty interesting for me. The textbook chapters can be tiring and boring, since I'm the type where sitting down and reading 10+ pages of academic prose will drain me no matter how interesting the subject matter, but I think the information is valuable and enlightening.

The current assignment is quite challenging. Part of the difficulty is just processing the input itself - it's very nitpicky and tricky to debug. Unlike a whiteboard interview, where the input is generally whatever you want it to be, the input for the assignment is competitive programming style - a bunch of text formatted by the guidelines of the problem. I wish I didn't have to deal with this since it doesn't have much to do with the actual problem, but I do think that it will make me a better programmer and understand input streams and output streams better.

Tip of the week: LaTeX allows for really cool and beautiful looking resume templates. Obviously, for software engineering jobs, a resume doesn't necessarily have to be "pretty", but having a nice looking resume makes me feel a little bit more prouder and confident in handing it out.

