---
layout: post
title: Week 
---
This week was pretty lax in terms of what we learned in class - Labor Day was on Monday and we had a guest speaker, Chris Martin, from Bloomberg on Wednesday. It was nice to learn about the industry, but I personally did not feel like it taught me anything new about the industry regarding interviews and recruiting I didn't know, aside from learning more about Bloomberg's product.

This week was all about finishing up our first assignment. Getting all the technologies to work together was really quite frustrating - the makefile was confusing and if it weren't for my peers and Piazza, I would have been completely clueless as to how to fix the silly obstacles I was approaching. The assignment spec was so detailed that it confused me even more. Once I finally understood how the makefile, acceptance tests, unit tests, Travis, etc., were all supposed to work together I was able to finish the project pretty quickly. The cache was tricky to debug, but all in all, not that difficult to implement. I had never implemented an in-memory cache before, so I was glad that this project gave me the opportunity to do so.

And even after all of my hard work to get it finished on time, I was dealt with a late grade submission because I named the repo incorrectly. Make sure to follow directions, folks!

My tip of the week is to memorize the keyboard shortcuts (or generate your own) of whichever text editor you prefer using. It really speeds up development and you can spend more time thinking rather than typing, allowing your work to become more efficient overall.
