---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---
This week, Dr. Downing went more in depth into the current assignment. The current assignment has a relatively simple problem to solve, but it seems that this assignment is much more about learning how to use the software engineering tools that have been provided. Even though it seems like there are a ton of technologies involved with the assignment (and there are), it's not too overwhelming, since the project description and Dr. Downing do a good job of covering what needs to be done.

Also, this week was also the first week where we had some sort of reading from the text. I actually quite enjoyed reading the first few chapters of the book and actually getting formal definition into the fundamentals of object-oriented programming. Despite the text being over a decade old, the information was quite relevant as I had recognized many of the concepts that I have worked with before, but just formalized in text. I hope that the next programming assignments, as well as lectures, will delve further into these concepts, since I find them quite fascinating.

My tip of the week is to use some sort of virtual calendar, like Google Calendar, as well as a physical calendar to keep track of what's going on in your life. This is the first semester where I'm taking multiple programming classes as well as a heavy theory course, and I really didn't realize how much I had going on until I put it all down on paper. Just having everything written down in front of you kicks your butt into gear and lights that fire to get stuff done.
